Javascript vs Python


JAVASCRIPT:
Polymorphism, 
 a core concept in object-oriented programming (OOP) that refers to the ability of objects to take on different forms or behaviors. 
 
 In JavaScript, polymorphism is achieved through the use of prototypal inheritance.

JavaScript is a prototype-based language, which means that objects can inherit properties and methods directly from other objects. 
This inheritance mechanism allows for polymorphism because objects can share the same interface (i.e., have the same methods and 
properties) while implementing those methods in different ways.

JavaScript's dynamic nature also allows for runtime polymorphism. This means that the behavior of an object can be changed at 
runtime by modifying its properties and methods.

For example, consider a simple Shape object with a draw() method. The Shape object can be inherited by other objects, such as a 
Circle object and a Square object. Both the Circle and Square objects can have their own implementations of the draw() method, 
which allows them to draw themselves in different ways while still being treated as Shape objects.


VS.


PYTHON: 
Polymorphism,
 a core concept in object-oriented programming (OOP) that refers to the ability of objects to take on different forms or behaviors. 
 In Python, polymorphism allows different objects to be used interchangeably even if they have different data types or classes.

There are two main types of polymorphism in Python: static polymorphism (also known as compile-time polymorphism) and dynamic 
polymorphism (also known as run-time polymorphism).

Static polymorphism is achieved through method overloading, where multiple methods with the same name but different parameters 
are defined in a class. The compiler determines which method to call based on the number and types of arguments passed in.

Dynamic polymorphism, on the other hand, is achieved through method overriding, where a subclass overrides a method defined 
in its superclass. When a method is called on an object, the method implemented in the subclass is called instead of the method in the superclass.

In Python, polymorphism allows for more flexible and modular code design by enabling objects to behave in multiple ways depending
on their context or usage. It is an essential concept for creating reusable and maintainable code in OOP.

